[Music]
welcome to the braid man when we break
down the mostess third movies
my name is spooky and today we are
explaining in 1997 dystopian art film
gumbo gumbo is about two young kids in
the town ravaged by tornado about 20
years earlier and the town has been in a
third world as period ever since this
movie can be considered disturbing
because of his animal cruelty and
overall unnerving tone this is my second
video on this famous classic movie that
proves historical for me and starting
many of the routines that I still do
even many months later anyway
let's get to the breakdown the movie
starts off with a young rap star singing
that peanut butter [ __ ] song and
just counting how many females he know
that has a little tiny [ __ ] then the
main character Solomon comes on saying a
few years ago in Xenia Ohio I'm sure I
said it wrong a tornado butchered that
place killing people and animals like
you can see people with battered bodies
and lost remains Solomon even saw a girl
fly through the sky but rather just
points out how he lifts up her skirt
after a bit more gritty voiceover title
screen then the mascot of gumbo shows
himself pissing over this walkway
smoking cigarettes and shivering in the
cold bunny boy shows as centric
randomness that sort of shows you that
this is what the rest of the movie will
be like then we see a boy tumbler
holding a wild cat who is then stuck
into the water to drown as it tries his
best to escape then we see that same boy
who got himself a little action they are
fun to link each other getting to know
their bodies I guess tumblr touches her
chests filling a lump on her titty that
lump is what stares down the fondling of
the tube then we see Solomon and tumbler
riding through their Skid Row trying to
get out of rolling Heights Bhalla
country they ride in through that [ __ ]
like some vigilantes ready to protect
their set then suddenly we could
and Solomon explains that tumblr is a
downright legend a necessary evil of a
marvelous persona showing our friendship
is strong between these two we see
tumblr about the shoot a cat but Solomon
roll up like don't kill that [ __ ]
tumblr says funny stuff like this alive
even saying he's gonna get a raving
beauty from an insane asylum good thing
they didn't kill foot foot here but
according to a darby here
darby brings foot foot through the house
to her sister's helen on the left and
dot on the right play by Chloe Sevigny
I'm sure I said that wrong too according
to her the cat stinks like a [ __ ] I
like their dialogue but they turn over
to see if she is pregnant saying that a
pregnant cat is a [ __ ] cat and they
will have to drown her kitties in the
creek then Helen and dot work on their
titties to I guess make their nipples
fatter and pop out but then the three
sisters jump in a bed bumpy
after the jump party that does her best
to seduce me or somehow know what she
doing but he then cuts the tumbler in
Solomon collecting another dead kitty
they plan on getting their money so they
can buy milkshakes then tumblr asks if
his mom makes them fool it's a normal
question considering a territory they
write off they hit the block but then
what sounds like tumblr gets behind the
mic and sings a little rap song about
gravy then we hear Solomon describe
these two skinhead brothers who I think
killed their parents I may be wrong
about that but whatever he describes
them as if they change from being these
good upstanding boys to these creepy
skinheads who literally skit in this
kitchen beating each other up seriously
but in a fun way then we cut to another
familiar scene for me a girl explaining
a story of being molested by her father
[Applause]
[Music]
y'all can watch and listen to the scene
here but I've heard this voiceover of
the girl is actually from a song and the
movie paints a story to the Leary's then
our dynamic duo brings the short amount
of cash they kill to this black dude the
man tells them a kid named Jared Wiggly
is killing cats to some competition is
present but tumbler got something to say
I'm pretty smart if I say so myself
walked into a good start those apples
will be 2 bucks each it tells me that's
why I outsmarted him and over a five
unless he's about to give me a dollar
change I say keep it weird anyway and I
stepped on a grape brilliant the clerk
ain't hearing that and gives them $13
also giving them some glue for them to
sniff up later we then cut to a home
video showing first a dead stray cat but
then this man tells the story of a cat
being killed from Forrest gasoline
consumption and this woman explaining
how somebody put a cat in a microwave
the same woman also tells a story about
how I'm guessing all of them went up to
jail but we got a racist among these
ranks we didn't see the duo actually did
get milkshakes but didn't do well in the
forest way Scituate and Huff glue to get
high
a lot of rambling here but tumblr sings
Wario Burson song crying
apparently Tumblr's brothers favorite
song his brother abandoned tumblr and
went off to a big city tumblr even
recalls him being a queer saying he
dressed up in women's clothes and
everything but one nice thing he does
say he was pretty then we see two boys
playing around in this junkyard cursing
cops in a way that would make IceCube
proud as we see here bunny boy walks up
almost like he pulled up in the wrong
hood and evidently he did because they
light his ass out like a Christmas tree
come to my [ __ ] house they leave them
there to bleed out and then we see a
girl named Ellen who is a bit slow but
sings her ABCs way better than I can so
there goes that Ellen Mesa with dot and
Helen who are lusting after this do Eddy
practicing his moves they have a little
crush on him and he explains how his adb
influences his tennis prowess the two
girls walk away clowning Eddy last
girlfriend for being too skinny and
possibly bulimic next the director
harmony Corrine plays a homosexual man
inebriated to all hell and talking about
his menopause bound hateful mother it's
almost like this scene was unscripted
and this little man here reacts honestly
harmony has more distortion to the story
by saying he was abused and raped by
having stuff forced up but at least he
asked himself a little man to take care
of them well here goes Solomon
explaining how his father was mugged on
MLK Jr day and as a result he never
cared for the holiday then Solomon and
tumblr visited this in the script they
visit Timmy Thicke and his Tom
girlfriend here named Jared Wiggly who
explains to the two how he kills cats he
also explains his grandmother's in his
care who was very sick and catatonic
she's depended on
girlie looking giri to take care of her
right after tumblr goes school shooter
mode hating on all people basically next
tumblr and solomon come to this man's
house who prostitutes his Down syndrome
shrieking sister to whoever is paying
tumblr goes in first
but solomon's turn is what really gets
our hairs turning fortune this big bond
says you're gonna be a memo in there you
know hey fire but i don't have wood here
winding me but after we see the duo
whipping a dead cat even is showing us
the aftermath the depression increases
when this random man explains on video
how much life sucks and that suicide is
the only way out we didn't see the three
sisters grass skating under the video
comes up showing two kids talking about
a dislike a lesbian ship people always
find time to dislike and hate on stuff
that obviously don't concern them then
we see solomon fashioning his own little
workout tools to be about his purpose
this gets super comical when my favorite
character the mom comes in putting on
her husband's tap shoes and obviously
just enjoying her own special quality
time with her son then
and our final woman here films a video
basically telling what she wants in a
man sweet lady really i hope she gets
the Patrick Swayze she deserve
the next scene has tumblr talking about
a cocaine addicts who used to live
around these parts who gave cocaine the
girls and have sex with them in front of
kids hopefully one of those kids isn't
Darby who is helping wash foot foot here
but also saying can anybody please
explain any non-obvious significance in
that phrase I mean it's cute I guess but
there seems to be some inside joke thing
about it we didn't see tumblr and his
dad a ride around talking about his past
mother she must have died when he was
really young but at least father and son
are still together strong speaking of
strength father and son have a little
arm wrestle and a little hanging out
with people we seen earlier including
the molesting dad in the gate little man
packs a beer can cause a lot of
craziness with you adults but at least
dad finds it good to spit a few bars
before I skip over this damn scene
[Music]
anyway later the duo along with a woman
sitting with a human child are huffing
chemical products to get high it sucks
to see kids getting high in front of
smaller kids then we see the girl from
the beginning who was hospitalized for
other reasons relating to the lump on
her titty she sadly has to get that
breast removed and also depressingly
talks about how it will remove all her
attractiveness just another scene the
show that sometimes the cars we are
dealt suck donkey balls we didn't see
tumblr expressing more nihilistic views
even saying he thinks it was a mistake
to ever be born just like some kin park
[ __ ] we didn't see demonic scenes I'm
guessing some type of satanic ritual I
guess after that contrasting with tumblr
Solomon air racing life is great full of
beauty and illusion speaking like an
aspiring poet the two friends didn't
break into a house which supposedly
belongs to Jared
I'm guessing they want to hurt him or
something but lucky for him Jared ain't
home Salomon looks around Jewish room
finding a bunch of pictures showing
Jared dressed up girly even seeing a
little videotape of him during a little
photo shoot whatever floats his boat man
that's all I gotta say
tumblr then comes in and shows Solomon
Jarrod's grandma kept alive only by a
machine she seems to be a bit before it
did and doesn't wake up from being shot
in the foot with a BB gun tumbler then
turns off her breathing machine
officially killing the woman well at
least until somebody in the comment
section tells me otherwise in a rude
manner the duo then dip the spot and
later we have an interview with Ellen
here Ellen is really sweet but then we
say she shaves off her eyebrows to give
the hair to darby so she can have a
mustache like Burt Reynolds
afterwards we see bunny boy killed the
accordion solo in a public bathroom but
then we see lost cat pictures of foot
foot that sucks but it's possible
Jerry's trapped scutum or the duo after
asking many unwilling people for help we
see two deaf people arguing the three
sisters look on but then a man comes
along offering to take their girls to
their cat eventually setting up in a
parking lot with some sexual intent
[Music]
listen up guys
don't go around trying to touch on girls
Cochise are you gonna get [ __ ] up I
know how your little highschool boys do
then we cut to arguably the most classic
scene of the movie
Solomon sitting in all types of dirt in
STD field water he's probably better off
just being in some toilet water
but his mom then moves through the thick
house to deliver some spaghetti and milk
she was kind of stingy on the ragu sauce
but Solomon Easter spaghetti as his mom
washes his hair but this August
interrupted when two fresh ass kids
knock on the door selling Crunch Bars
for kids with cancer mama by Salomon
some but Solomon drops the bar in water
picking it back up and still eating it
with no hesitation no element of couthe
next because to the twins who start
flexing their coop I feel these two are
billionaires now we didn't see bunny boy
kissing two snow bunnies in the pool as
it rains that seems like an interesting
experience we didn't see the duo shoot
and foot foot meaning they were the ones
who at least killed him after he went
missing
we see a tornado probably the one that
started the decline of the town then
famously blendy boy runs towards the
camera showing foot foot to us breaking
the fourth wall
the movie ends as Ellen sings jesus
loves me before she gets interrupted
well it felt good to revisit this movie
now I'm sure some of y'all didn't see my
original video on this so I'll give
y'all a short little recap of that
welcome to the breakdowns when we break
down two most disturbed movies we can
introduce to a boy wearing a bunny hat
and the entire intro consists of him
doing crazy stuff up on this bridge
walkway covering this dude the guy's a
DD the two girls walk after that is him
to get a cut to a black [ __ ] talking
to some fruity
eyeballing got his mother's sure he
finds pictures of the cat killer from
earlier in Holi he's a real trap because
a bunny boy running towards the camera
and a fourth wall brick with a dead cat
in his hand music well that was a weird
movie guys not much spot so I encourage
individual watching anyway let's talk
about that spooky stuff yeah crazy and
desperate for a remake now if you're
expecting some worded analysis where I'm
saying [ __ ] like gumiho is an artistic
representation that heavily expresses
the intense filthiness and perversion of
overall society and blah blah blah I
hate hearing or reading [ __ ] like that
this was a pretty weird film but a
pretty real film about how life can be
for different unfortunate people and
communities that's all you gotta [ __ ]
say now I'm gonna finish this off by
saying what I said in the original video
well that was a weird movie guys not
much plot so I encourage individual
watching anyway let's talk about that
spooky stuff
[Music]
so I definitely liked how the movie
wasn't too narrative I guess like it was
really all over the place two questions
I gotta ask y'all this one what do you
think the purpose or a message of the
movie is I have an answer and I'm gonna
just tell you straight up I hate it when
anybody says the movie is pointless
everything has a point to make number
two what do you think buddy boy
represented that's another point of
these breakdowns I'll show y'all the
most important of what happens and y'all
can come up with your own conclusion
that's what matters most not what I
think not what I gotta say anyway
the mostess tournament is probably I
don't know guys I mean originally I set
the scene where the girl recounting
molestation from her dad and I think I
will personally say the same here if
anybody wants to disturb me showered
mistreatment is how you do it the most
enjoyment is always gonna be when those
two little Sheriff Cowboys disrespect
bunny boy it was just funny how they
were acting with their funk booty mouth
anyway next is to redo bunny game a film
that is honestly probably one of the
most disturbing movies out of all of
them for watch but my early sub couldn't
capture the shock enos of the movie here
on the left is kim park a film directed
by larry clark that follows the whole
disturbing teen theme on the right is
Antichrist the video that got over 200k
views thanks for watching spooky out